[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: We're going to start
building our own version of jQuery, and
the first thing we're gonna do is start
building a lot of jQuery's functional
utilities.
Hopefully a lot of you've used
dollar extend, or dollar proxy or
dollar make array or dollar each.
We're gonna be building
our own versions of those,
because we'll be needing them for
when we build more complex things like
jQuery's html function or
things like that.
So with the end goal again,
is we're gonna build this cute
tabs widget with this html.
So, all of this stuff you can find in,
let me go through the setup real quick.
I'll probably have to go through
it tomorrow again anyways, but
we're starting out,
if you go to the exercises Dom,
you'll find a my jQueryJS
that's going to look like this.
>> Justin Meyer: And these are the things
we'll start with implementing dollar
extend today and then we'll leave
pretty everything else to tomorrow.
And then, eventually there's a test page,
too, that you can open.
If you open domtest.html.
So I'm gonna change my JS to Dom up here,
and
I'm gonna go to this to
test the additional.
This will run all of those tests.
So I'm gonna explain the first exercise,
and then I'll walk
through again the set up.
So, first exercise is implementing
a small version of jQuery's extend.
jQuery's extend takes one object,
one set of properties and
copies them into another object.
So, it takes one object,
goes through all of its properties and
puts them on another object.
So, if I have a target and
I have a object, if I call extend
object into target, really, is kinda
how you should read, read it backwards.
It's gonna take what's an object and
copy that into target.
So this is you're gonna
be using a for-in loop.
If you've never used one of those,
ask and we'll show you how to write one.
So essentially, as a result of this,
result should be the same as target, so
it kind of returns the target but
also result in target should both have
the same thing in memory, but
now they have that additional property.
So that's the, so why do you use it?
Essentially, a lot of times it's used for
cleaning up things.
Even in our examples,
that we'll be running on jQuery.
It's nice not to always have to
write $.something = function or
$.prototype.text = function.
Instead you can use $.extend
to kinda clean this code up.
So you don't have to always be
writing dollar each time or
dollar.prototype each time.
It's a nice handy reason
to use dollar extend.
And default values, this is used very
commonly, say I have a move function
that animates one item from
one's position to another one.
And if people don't provide options
from and to, I want default values.
Instead of everywhere from and to
are found, and time, having it kinda like
this, where it checks each individual
place what those defaults are.
Extend is commonly used to copy,
to kind of set up the defaults to change
options so it has the default value,
so you can just write from that point on.
You can just read from options,
cuz it will be setup defaults
if the value wasn't provided.